feat(readme): removed stuff and added link to the doc website (#502)
amber-lang/amber: README.md

[Join our Matrix room](https://matrix.to/#/#_oftc_#amber-lang:matrix.org)

## Install

> Check our [documentation](https://docs.amber-lang.com/getting_started/installation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find an installation guide on the [documentation website](https://docs.amber-lang.com/getting_started/installation).
```

## Contributing

> Check our [documentation](https://docs.amber-lang.com/contribute/contribute).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributing guide can be found on the [documentation website](https://docs.amber-lang.com/contribute/contribute).
```

> Contributing guide can be found on the [documentation website](https://docs.amber-lang.com/contribute/contribute).

Reviewer 2: this is a 404

Author: yes because I am waiting for an approval on https://github.com/amber-lang/amber-docs/pull/47
